README.md, before:

# Laravel SMTP2Go Mail Transport Driver

[![Latest Version on Packagist](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/motomedialab/smtp2go.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/motomedialab/smtp2go)
[![GitHub Tests Action Status](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/motomedialab/smtp2go/run-tests.yml?branch=main&label=tests&style=flat-square)](https://github.com/motomedialab/smtp2go/actions?query=workflow%3Arun-tests+branch%3Amain)
[![GitHub Code Style Action Status](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/motomedialab/smtp2go/code-style.yml?branch=main&label=code%20style&style=flat-square)](https://github.com/motomedialab/smtp2go/actions?query=workflow%3A"Fix+PHP+code+style+issues"+branch%3Amain)
[![Total Downloads](https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/motomedialab/smtp2go.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/motomedialab/smtp2go)

Integrate SMTP2Go directly into your application using SMTP2Go's API

### Installation

```bash
composer require motomedialab/smtp2go
```

### Configuration

Within `config/mail.php`, add SMTP2Go into the `mailers` array:

```php
'smtp2go' => [
    'transport' => 'smtp2go',
    'api_key' => env('SMTP2GO_API_KEY'),
],
```

You need to set your SMTP2Go API Key within your environment file. If you don't yet have an API key, you can register one within your account, [here](https://app.smtp2go.com/sending/apikeys/).
You only need to grant this API Key Emails `/emails/send` API access.

```env
SMTP2GO_API_KEY=XXXXXXXX
```

### Usage

To use this as the main driver, i.e. all email will be routed via SMTP2Go by default, set
SMTP2Go to be the default mail driver in the environment file:

```env
MAIL_MAILER=smtp2go
```

If you want to use it on a case by case basis, you can call the driver directly, as below:

```php
Mail::driver('smtp2go')->send(...)
```


That's it, you're good to go!

Commit message:

feat: add dynamic email address generation and SSL certificate handling
- Add automatic MAIL_FROM_ADDRESS generation based on APP_URL subdomain
- Add SSL certificate handling with withoutVerifying() to prevent SSL issues
- Update README with documentation for new features
- Fix PHP 8.2+ deprecation warnings with proper nullable type hints
- Add fallback email address for invalid subdomains
- Add logging for debugging dynamic email address generation

README.md, after:

# Laravel SMTP2Go Mail Transport Driver

[![Latest Version on Packagist](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/motomedialab/smtp2go.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/motomedialab/smtp2go)
[![GitHub Tests Action Status](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/motomedialab/smtp2go/run-tests.yml?branch=main&label=tests&style=flat-square)](https://github.com/motomedialab/smtp2go/actions?query=workflow%3Arun-tests+branch%3Amain)
[![GitHub Code Style Action Status](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/motomedialab/smtp2go/code-style.yml?branch=main&label=code%20style&style=flat-square)](https://github.com/motomedialab/smtp2go/actions?query=workflow%3A"Fix+PHP+code+style+issues"+branch%3Amain)
[![Total Downloads](https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/motomedialab/smtp2go.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/motomedialab/smtp2go)

Integrate SMTP2Go directly into your application using SMTP2Go's API with automatic dynamic email address generation and SSL certificate handling.

### Installation

```bash
composer require motomedialab/smtp2go
```

### Configuration

Within `config/mail.php`, add SMTP2Go into the `mailers` array:

```php
'smtp2go' => [
    'transport' => 'smtp2go',
    'api_key' => env('SMTP2GO_API_KEY'),
],
```

You need to set your SMTP2Go API Key within your environment file. If you don't yet have an API key, you can register one within your account, [here](https://app.smtp2go.com/sending/apikeys/).
You only need to grant this API Key Emails `/emails/send` API access.

```env
SMTP2GO_API_KEY=XXXXXXXX
```

### Dynamic Email Address Generation

This package automatically generates the `MAIL_FROM_ADDRESS` based on your `APP_URL` subdomain:

- **Local development**: `https://myapp.local` → `myapp@bmpweb.dev`
- **Production**: `https://myapp.bmpweb.dev` → `myapp@bmpweb.dev`
- **Fallback**: If no valid subdomain is found → `noreply@bmpweb.dev`

The dynamic email address is automatically set when the package boots, so you don't need to configure `MAIL_FROM_ADDRESS` in your `.env` file.

### SSL Certificate Handling

This package includes automatic SSL certificate handling to prevent common SSL verification issues that can occur in development environments.

### Usage

To use this as the main driver, i.e. all email will be routed via SMTP2Go by default, set
SMTP2Go to be the default mail driver in the environment file:

```env
MAIL_MAILER=smtp2go
```

If you want to use it on a case by case basis, you can call the driver directly, as below:

```php
Mail::driver('smtp2go')->send(...)
```

That's it, you're good to go!
